Add a bio to each team member (#40)
a11yphant/a11yphant: README.md

<img src="https://unavatar.io/github/lucapircher" height="138">

<a href="https://lucapircher.at" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Luca Pircher</a> is a web developer based in Austria who firmly believes the web should be inclusive. At a11yphant, Luca supports the team as the "Technical Project Lead" by ensuring that the project is a joy to work on for the dev team and planning the technical requirements for upcoming challenges.

<img src="https://unavatar.io/github/thomasdax98" height="138">

<a href="https://github.com/thomasdax98" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Thomas Dax</a> is a full-stack developer interested in product development and developer experience. As "Head of Text", he has supported the team with copywriting since co-founding a11yphant. Thomas further does a lot of frontend development work and takes care of the development setup.

<img src="https://unavatar.io/github/hntrhfr" height="138">

> <a href="https://github.com/hntrhfr" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Michael Hinterhofer</a> is a backend developer at <a href="https://www.chargepoint.com/de-de"  target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Chargepoint</a> on weekdays and chief of happiness officer for a11yphant on the weekend. Since co-founding a11yphant, he supported the team with his magic in the backend.

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="https://github.com/hntrhfr" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Michael Hinterhofer</a> is a corporate backend developer on weekdays and chief of happiness officer for a11yphant on the weekend. Since co-founding a11yphant, he supported the team with his magic in the backend.
```
